Call the police
She stabbed someone with a pen
isn't that enough?
Jian Dao
Either you pack up and leave on your own
Or we'll call the police
Call the police?
Go ahead
Wait for the police to arrive
At worst, I'll be charged with excessive self-defense
And you all?
Intentional harm
Workplace bullying
Harassment at work
These things
I'll tell the police and the press, one by one
Then we'll see who suffers more
Why aren't you calling the police?
Scared?
I'll call them for you
Isn't that the bracelet Mrs. Zhang was looking for?
My bracelet
Jian Dao,
how dare you smash my bracelet?
This bracelet is worth 3 million (*)
(*) ~ 10 billion
Dad
prepared a birthday gift for you.
Wow
Do you like it?
I love it
My name is even engraved on it?
Happy birthday to you
Thank you, Dad
What are you staring at?
Stealing a 3 million bracelet
is enough to get you jailed for 10 years
This was clearly a birthday gift from my dad
How did it end up with you?
This was a 3-year anniversary gift from Wen Xu
It originally belonged to me
This is clearly my bracelet